hey guys joe roo here until I bring you
guys episode I think one sec I got it I
don't want to get this wrong so let's go
episode 6 of hockey ultimate team yes I
did have to go to my youtube I got add
that one into the playlist so yeah
episode 6 and today we are going to be
opening some packs and there's a special
pack out I didn't even realize well
let's open this up didn't even realize
guy at home sweet flutters my free pack
but there's a premium an i can get two
of these I think maybe let's confirm I'm
gonna buy that if it's not good i'm
trying to go with regular regular gold
packs premium gold packs but i just
spent ten bucks on one pack let me sure
each read that i got to retreat that so
let's go it's downloaded
so it's opening right now and I got
Jordan Staal glencross Bouwmeester
Yakupov George's Chris Phillips it's a
good pac-man these are good hags I might
want to keep him yeah I sort of do want
to keep him yeah I had to keep him I
gotta kiss he'll everybody in this holy
those of amazing pack quick saw
that guy George's trade file Harding
trade file this guy just click cell
Phillips I guess he's 85 class so that
was a good pack ladies and gentlemen
that's one of the best packs of her gone
once I premium player pack sorry I'm not
into it guys I'm just texting my cousin
because my cousin likes to open these
two come on let me get one more at least
come on I think I should be able to get
one more unless it's + tax I'm not gonna
be able to afford it yes i can i can get
one more of these nice who I'm so
excited I can I got Jordan Staal on
Bouwmeester than that one I'm trying to
keep bouwmeester and sell um happiest
okay I got Jordan Staal on that too holy
markets gonna be going down so yeah
so that was a really really good pack i
just opened this up and let's see who we
getting this one and our best player was
Brookes like it looks like yeah that
wasn't the best he goes her a little bit
he goes for nothing he goes for nothing
he goes for nothing
he goes for maybe something I got
another one of him I got Brooks like I
got cooler call but it's the decent pack
definitely not making my pucks back like
a gyal Chen yak so overall this pack
opening was really good I wonder if I
can just get a regular gold pack
probably not let me check here no I
cannot so I hope you guys enjoyed this
pack opening makes you guys comment like
subscribe all that like usual
and i'll talk to you guys later peace